README.md, before:

# CirQl Jeeves Front-end

This is the home of the Cirque Wonderland aerial visual dictionary.

Requirements: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Irz7kf2zmQXUzKdI0P6YrN3M18AKF-EIqot0B3Qfe4U/edit?usp=sharing

Wireframes made by Allison: https://projects.invisionapp.com/freehand/document/BCv8GiwrK


# CirQl Jeeves Back-end

https://github.com/ellmille/cirque-ql

# Todo

This is where Christa keeps a list of things that need to be done still:

- detail page: 
    - carousel/caption styling
- search results
    - submitting the search form doesn't append the search param
    - search results path doesn't show the move list

These are the features already "done":
- desktop design and routing:
    - homepage
    - search results page
    - move category page
    - move detail page


## Utilities

* Filler text: http://fillerama.io/
* Bootstrap 5.1.x docs: https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1/getting-started/introduction/
* React Router Dom v6 docs: https://reactrouter.com/docs/en/v6/getting-started/overview

Commit message:

caption styling/behavior on detail pages

README.md, after:

# CirQl Jeeves Front-end

This is the home of the Cirque Wonderland aerial visual dictionary.

Requirements: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Irz7kf2zmQXUzKdI0P6YrN3M18AKF-EIqot0B3Qfe4U/edit?usp=sharing

Wireframes made by Allison: https://projects.invisionapp.com/freehand/document/BCv8GiwrK

# CirQl Jeeves Back-end

https://github.com/ellmille/cirque-ql

# Todo

This is where Christa keeps a list of things that need to be done still:

- detail page: 
    - click on image pops up a modal
    - click on a text field turns it into a form field
- search results
    - submitting the search form doesn't append the search param
    - search results path doesn't show the move list

These are the features already "done":
- detail page: 
    - carousel/caption styling
- desktop design and routing:
    - homepage
    - search results page
    - move category page
    - move detail page

- detail page
    - edit styling
    - edit behavior
    - edit data hookup

What if we hooked up a Google Form to the spreadsheet as a beginner edit/auth system

I was thinking a Google Sheet with the move info, and then a Google Drive folder with all the media, joined on an id (the filename).

## Utilities

* Apollo (GraphQl React Client): https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/
* Filler text: http://fillerama.io/
* Bootstrap 5.1.x docs: https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1/getting-started/introduction/
* React Router Dom v6 docs: https://reactrouter.com/docs/en/v6/getting-started/overview
